Hello dear readers
site visitors guessing liquid and not
forget that super dresser and today we
Get acquainted with the share of the phone Nokia c6
I will immediately tell you what percentage we have
preliminary PR games preliminary
some review percentage
the phone is in our hands
prototype
he is not yet Cyrillic
keyboard and he still has a vacuum
absolutely sarah firmware external
Russian language support
and in principle our reviews this will be
worker touching anb his appearance
mean what can be said about it
machine
I most of all but this phone reminds
model up to 3 thousand 8 November 2 first unit
but Kia Spectrum and system
this is 65 editions
and fundamentally
it looks like it is under these three hardware
buttons and has not been added here so
here
quartet keyboard
and most resembling a quartet
keyboard lonely
m 97
but for comparison
put the truth from Wed 6
but those did work on the bugs and
but a political analyst of four has established
row
instead of three years
but about very similar it is though my
look here loggie 26 more comfortable
Thanks to this was such a button
which means
what would like to say about it
machine
and he has very nice plastic
matt body
it is equipped with five megapixel
camera
LED backlight scene
he has
headphone jack
it has a port of micro devices bin
but apparently they can not
used to charge
because there is such a
connector
which will be used
standards 1 but those that will
used as an option
In-line device, LLC should say that
he percent button
lock screen
moved them
on the right side
that is, if earlier about
n97
interest
it was possible to use
radd
on the sides of the models
the percentage is done on the right side
that is actually holders under the right
arm
we she quote capacious round not middle finger
more percentage
left panels posted holiday
for memory cards
so here
percent
this solution allows you to change
I do not understand the communicator cards
turn off the phone
Is there a camera button justified?
with a very soft move worth saying
I have not visited such a soft move
I met in one phone now
key them
percent
for volume control
percent what else is he worth saying
I would also note
n
that's for sure a loud speaker
he used to music im
and it is not typical for Nokia
here is such
soak for cover
which
would be more suitable for phones say
all emotions
usually nokia
use either shifting
cover either detachable without
no locking devices
means that we have
here
battery
capacity yu 1200
less than 5 hours
and so here
made up with a heart attack
everything is simple enough
no surprises
there is no
as i said oao program
in this apparatus of the capital 6 percent
in this will protest the operating
s60 system
this is edited
and in principle, nothing new what we have not yet
seen this unit does not give
but in fact this is probably all
read on our review, see
m photos
remind black something
nor final sample is a prototype
but woo there is reason to believe that he
by hardware
everything will be exactly the same as the program
profession
we may talk separately thanks for
Attention
stay with us